XSD-Update-Synchronisation-Week-29 (#311)
skat/dms-public: changelog.md

### 15-07-2025

> * Updates to Manifest (G5, G3) and Repayment/Remission XSDs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updates to Temporary storage (G5, G3) and Repayment/Remission XSDs 
```
